App Servers and Hosting models: IIS, Nginx, Apache, ASP.NET Core Module, Kestrel, Docker and
Containerization, Publish toAzure cloud

Hosting -> Process of deploying and installing applications into the server is called, "Hosting".

Web server is just a process for hosting web applications.

Types:

1. IIS web server:It comes from MS stable and runs only on the Ms Windows OS>
Advantages: 
- Has support of MS
- We can have access to the .NET Framework along with the ASPX scripts


2. Apache Web Server:
It is open source web server which was developed and maintained by 
Apache Software. It is flexible. (no licening fee) It has a high level
security.

3. NGIX :
It is a robust web server which was developed by Russain developer.
It is free open soruce HTTP Server which can be used as a mail proxy,
reverse proxy sever when required.

Hosting Models in APS.NET Core:

a. One of process hosting model: Can use kestral server directly as 
a user request facing server or we can deploy the app into IIS.

    i. Kestrel: It is cross-platform server for ASP.net Core. This is 
    web server that included by default in ASP.NET Core project templates

    ii. Using a proxy server: Due to limitation we cant use all the apps. 
    in such cases, we have to use IIS, NGIX or apache.

b. In process Hosting Model: In this type only one server is used for
hosting like IIS, Nginx or Linux.


ASP.NET Core Modules

The ASP.NET Core module is a native IIS module that plugs into the IIS pipeline to
either:
-> host an ASP.NET Core app inside of the IIS worker process called the in-
Process hosting Model
-> forward web request to a backend ASP.NET Core app running the kesteral server


DOcker & Container.

Dockter is the platform for deploying and building the applications which delivers the applications in the packages over the OS livel virtualization, Docker required image and 
Container to run the applications.


Docker Image is the set of configuration and instructions to create 
docker Container, an image is created during building applications based on
steps defined in the docker file of our app.

Conatiner is independent isolated process of an operating system that has its own
networking and file system to run image or app.